ladies and gentlemen I am pissed you
know I that energy tank is the bane of
my existence I am not getting it I'm
sorry I have spent a total of a half an
hour trying to get this my hands hurt
I'm not getting it now without further
ado I'm going to continually without
that extra energy tank I know it really
helps to have it but you know screw it
if it's giving me this much grief why do
I bother I got it once the first run and
I stupidly you know start over on the
run cuz I thought I screwed up but I
didn't so uh you know I'm really angry
right now but I'm gonna do this anyway
cuz you know you guys love this so screw
it i'm doing this walkthrough and uh I
heard you might be able to get with the
spring ball and I'm gonna get that later
and come back to it and if I can't get
ok I'll give up all hope on getting it
because there's a there's a line and if
I spend half an hour trying to get one
extra item that I don't exactly need
it's just not worth getting for me and
you know now the stupid now the stupid
uh grappling hook things are bothering
me so you know what screw it I'm leave
me alone Matt Mauck troid I'm not in the
mood it's not cool to be following me
like this now please go away Mauch droid
you're causing me nothing but grief get
out of the quicksand get out of the
freaking get out of the freaking
quicksand get-get out Oh freaking
quicksand get out get out of quicksand
Sammis I'm thank you oh dear oh my oh my
go away Mauch droid no don't let go and
don't go in the quicksand
oh come on that was just unfair don't
you agree people don't you agree so yeah
I am incredibly angry right now because
my hands are really hurt they're really
close to blistering because there's a
thing that revolves around you running
and jumping and tapping down twice and
tapping right well within pin perfect
time pin perfect time is a term I
probably made up I probably just said
pin pointer pin perfect accuracy but I
am just so dang mad so anyways let's try
to lighten up and be dragged on I'm
gonna do it the cheap way the cheater
way and electrocute them turn them into
fried shrimp go away okay just go down
here that's all you need to remember
okay let's see if i can get this right
the first time here he comes yeah oh
yeah first you want to blow these things
out
there we go this parts easy once you get
it down it's fine hello it's the mutant
green shrimp thing from hell come on ill
goo this is how you do the trick makes
this fight easier come on this is how
you do it he's dead yay Jean Thais
Swami's got like home oh it's babies
yeah if one wants what's this space jump
this thing's awesome awesome incarnate
no less anything here see that cool jump
now that's a cool jump lets you jump as
many times as you want in midair it's
really nice this is a very useful item
oops go away Mauch droids I don't have
the screw attack yet so I can't fly
through oma but it will be awesome when
i can that's not well that's happening
coming up pretty soon we're almost set
Ridley ah go away I don't like you don't
like you at all go away oh yeah I can go
in there now but I should probably get
the extra things like the jump ball and
the plasma beam just the extra stuff
that's worth getting oh one of these
guys the blue cactus guys we're not
gonna give them a name uh cactus Blake
yeah Blake is a name in English I think
mmm by cactus Blake go away you're weird
sandfish well yeah there isn't anything
there you know I should probably be
continuing this but I don't care hey no
I don't quite remember the way to all
these places but I'm just going to
wander till I find this jump ball and
and the plasma beam they don't have the
best view in the game sans the hyper and
murder beams hyper is a the thing you
get the very end and murder is a glitch
so lets you have ridiculously strong
damage but I'm not going to use the
murder beam it's cheap and buggy wait
isn't this the way out oh I don't care
just finish the darn video